Previously on Californication...
Did you two come together?
No! We just came in together.
I've never stepped outside
of my marriage before.
But I'm guessing that
you feel like you're...
Owed one.
Come on. You're coming in.
I want to take a look at you.
This is so not fair.
Daisy... came to see me.
What'd she say,
that little tramp?
She said that she had
contracted a few stds.
No, I seriously think I'm
gonna throw up right now.
What could possibly be so awful
about visiting the woman
who pushed you through
her magnificent vagina?
Chelsea has Lakers tickets.
I'm so excited.
I can't wait to squeeze
that little peanut.
I wouldn't get too excited.
She hasn't been very pleasant lately.
Hey! Look who's here.
Not even a hello.
Oh, good times.
What? Were you just
gonna leave me behind?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
My God.
Chelsea. I need to take this.
What... what do you mean?
What, are you with the
organ transplant team?
Shut that shit down.
Tell your old man about your weekend.
Start by telling me
how much you missed me.
Oh, we had a grand old time.
Soaked up some culture,
did you?
Museums, shopping, girl talk?
Some dirty-water hot dogs maybe?
What?
Whoa. What? Where you going?
I'm still allowed to pee,
aren't I?
Remember this?
- Remember when you thought...
- Yes.
That was a good idea?
It's awful.
I don't recognize her anymore.
I told you.
She's changed, right?
She's a miserable little
bitch all the time now.
I guess at least we know why, right?
- We do?
- Chelsea.
It's all she cares about anymore.
Chelsea, Chelsea, Chelsea.
Well, i... it's better than
her caring about a boy, right?
'Cause you can't get
pregnant from your bff.
At least not without the
aid of a turkey baster.
Oh, Hank,
this isn't working anymore.
What isn't working?
Don't say that.
This whole arrangement.
She needs to be living
with me right now, okay?
I know... I know she hates me.
And I know she wants
to live here with you.
But fuck it.
We're the parents, right?
We get to decide.
- We?
- Yes, we.
So what, you're saying we
just pack up and leave L.A.?
The three of us, move
back to New York together?
Well, soon, yeah.
End of the semester, whatever.
This place is toxic.
Okay?
L.A. is no place to raise a daughter.
- That's my line.
- I know.
You're stealing my shit.
All right.
To our beautiful family...
I... yes.
Our black President,
and my magnificent dong.
Sync by honeybunny
- corrected by chamallow35 www.Addic7ed.Com
What the fuck?
I'm not even a part of
this fucking family anymore?
Jesus Christ. Karen!
She gets to decide?
How is that fair?
I don't think we were shooting
for fair, honey. Karen!
For the first time in my
life, I'm actually happy,
and now you want me to pack up
and move someplace I have no friends?
New York doesn't mean shit to me.
It isn't the answer to anything!
Telling her together...
I guess that didn't
work out so well, did it?
Oh, well, you know
what? It kind of came up
while the narcissist in the
family was deep-conditioning.
I can't believe you didn't fight for me.
There's nothing to fight about, honey.
This was always the plan.
Honey, you're gonna be
late to school, okay?
We will talk about it later.
I love you.
So, well, the worst is over.
Oh, yeah?
You think the French revolution was over
when they stormed the Bastille?
No, no, no. They had a little
thing called the terror.
It happened years later.
She will get used to the idea.
Who doesn't want to live in New York?
- Mm.
- Anyway, professor...
You need to get dressed.
You're gonna be late.
Not that late. It's a
very progressive school.
The students practically
teach themselves.
- Uh-Uh, no,
stop. - Why?
- Stop!
- Why?
Because.
Well, for a start, I don't
know where you've been.
Well, I'm freshly showered, right?
That should count for something.
Besides, I don't know
where you've been either.
- Oh, you do.
- Oh, I do?
- Yeah.
- What is that, like a riddle?
You getting all sphinx-like on me?
- I slept with Bill.
- Ha ha-ha ha-ha.
I slept with Bill.
I ran into him at NYU
when he was visiting Mia.
Ew! Ugh!
She says hi, by the way.
Um, are you okay?
You look a little sick in your stomach.
Oh...
Shit, you're totally not
joking about this, are you?
Oh...
Hank.
Oh, come on, honey.
It's not that big a deal.
I mean, I kind of felt
like I owed him one.
I did, you know,
ruin his life and all.
I mean,
that night that I married him,
and then I jumped in the car with you.
God, it feels good to tell the truth.
Come on, professor.
Come out of there. Get dressed.
I'm so excited to go to class with you!
"Eva lifts her head from her book
and regards the curious
figure striding her way.
The faint hint of a
smile appears on her face.
Adam slows down,
reaching her table.
Their eyes meet, and it looks
like Adam is going to do it.
But what do you know, folks?
He averts his eyes and
keeps right on walking,
jamming his hands in his pockets."
Okay, so what can we learn
from this early execrable work
from a major...
and I do mean major...
American author?
And don't be shy.
Rip him a new asshole or three or four.
Go. Dig in.
Sir?
Yes.
I think "execrable" is a little harsh.
I mean,
I didn't think it was so bad.
And I think those that
are auditing this class
really shouldn't participate.
Others?
Uh, I think you should
let the woman speak.
Sorry, what did you
say your name was again?
She didn't. Next.
Well...
"Their eyes meet"?
That's a little hokey,
don't you think?
And, uh...
Eva's whole introduction,
really, is just...
Stupid, you know?
We know she's pretty.
- We get it.
- And we're out of time.
Look at that.
Class has now ended.
Go in peace and love to serve the word.
Well...
Um, here's the papers
on last week's poetry
of Jagger and Richards.
Thank you.
Jill.
Thanks.
Well, then,
I'll see you next week.
Thanks, Jill.
You are unbelievable.
What?
So, Adam...
which one are you sleeping with?
- Excuse me?
My bets are on the
young, voluptuous student.
She's a definite...
Eva prototype.
Please. There's only one Eva.
Besides, it's against the
rules to sleep with students.
Oh, of course. Yes.
Though when I was in college...
- Oh, Jesus.
- I slept with...
"Slept with my professor."
I know!
I've heard quite enough
about your sexual
goings-on for one day.
I can't believe you kept
this ridiculous story.
I mean, you wrote this
when you were, like, 23?
I save everything I write...
all parts of the buffalo.
Hmm.
Especially the stuff about you.
Yeah, one-act plays, haikus,
grocery lists.
Hank. Oh, Hank.
I'm sorry, I was just wondering
if you were picking up...
- Felicia.
- The girls from school today.
K... Karen. Karen.
- Hey.
Felicia.
Karen. Not... not the Karen?
The mamacita of my bambina.
Si.
- Hey. I'm Becca's mom.
It's nice to meet you.
- I'm Chelsea's mum.
- Oh, yeah.
Lovely to meet you finally.
Becca must be delighted
to have you back.
- Well, she's not back back.
- Well, no.
It's just a quick visit.
You know, my work keeps
me in New York, so...
I know. It's so awful,
isn't it?
The whole working-mum thing.
I'm so lucky with my teaching schedule.
Actually, I'm not
working this afternoon,
so I could pick them up if you'd like.
Oh, no, you know what?
That's okay.
I kind of... I kind of like
it. I miss it, actually.
Oh, yeah, well, who... who
doesn't love a carpool line?
Well, then,
problem solved, I guess.
- So, lovely to meet you.
- Yeah.
And you. Yes. Yeah, bye.
Oh, my God,
can you believe that woman?
Yeah, she's... she's
real classy-like, right?
What?
No, and that ridiculous accent.
I mean, what the fuck?
- It's pleasant.
- She was like, you know,
"So lovely to meet you.
My... my schedule."
But that... it's... she
taught to speak like that.
She's not making it...
I think you're jealous.
Are you being jealous?
No.
If I didn't know any
better, I'd say you were.
I mean, no, she is
definitely not your type.
No.
There you are,
you V.D.-riddled sack of shit.
Ten days' worth of
antibiotics I have to take,
just in case, mind you.
I'm taking them too, you know,
and I'm getting tested tomorrow.
Yes, dear, but the delicate
balance of yeast in your vagina
isn't as likely to be compromised
by all this shit, now, is it?
Just, you know,
eat more yogurt.
Hey, I'll make you a smoothy.
Do I look like I want a fucking smoothy?
Whose Corvette is that
blocking the driveway?
Rick Springfield.
And a smoothy can be very
refreshing on a hot day.
Oh, now you got to be fucking with me.
What fucking with you?
I said, whose car is that
blocking the driveway?
And I said Rick Springfield.
He's got a big audition tomorrow,
and we're running lines here.
Shut the fuck up.
Rick Springfield is
running lines with you
in my house right now?
Yes, he's a new client.
I've told you this before.
Now, listen to me.
I'm gonna be late coming
back from his audition,
so I got everything prepped for
our dinner with Hank and Karen.
It's gonna be gumbo.
Everything's going in
the pressure cooker.
All you have to do is remember
to start the rice, please.
Rick fucking Springfield
is here in my house
right fucking now?
Yes!
He's upstairs having a nap,
sort of.
- Hey, Runkle.
- Or wait.
I spoke too soon.
Here's Rick now.
Dude, don't you have anything raunchier
than back issues of gent magazine?
Well...
Hello.
Oh, my God.
You're really...
Rick Springfield in my house right now.
Um...
you're... you're very tall and...
and dark and handsome and, uh...
No. Charlie doesn't have
anything raunchier than that,
because he likes to, you know,
kick it old school with the pornography.
- Know what I'm saying?
- Church.
Hey, are these my beta-blockers?
- I get real nervous before...
- Oh, no, that's just a...
- Lip gloss.
- Oh.
Back in the old days,
sue used to blow me.
But these days, she
likes them younger...
and balder.
- Hey... would you...
- Okay. Okay!
Don't you need to be
running along somewhere,
little one, hmm?
- Appointments and such?
- No, I'm okay.
I just want to stay here
and talk to Rick Springfield.
Not on my watch, okay?
We got work to do.
Lots of it.
No time for distractions.
- But come on!
- One more word out of you,
and I'm gonna tell him what
those pills are really for.
Shh!
When I was a kid, you spoke
when you were spoken to,
or else you were chased around a kitchen
with a wooden spoon.
Sorry, we weren't put on
this planet to entertain you.
Untrue... entertainment for the poor.
That's what my mother
always called children.
Clearly, she was wrong.
Hmm.
Well, maybe if you weren't poor...
- Excuse me?
- Poor? Are we?
I didn't get that memo.
Are we poor?
No offense, Karen, but
Becca showed me a picture
of the apartment where you live,
and I've been in dorm rooms
that are bigger than that.
I mean, I think that it
would be best for Becca
if she could stay in L.A.
and have at least some
shot at a normal life.
- She did say "no offense."
- Okay.
Ooh! She returns!
Yes!
Yes, in! On the fucking line!
I'm gonna take you down, mommy.
Oh, Jesus.
Is there any sport for which your father
does not have the proper attire?
I bet he swims in a speedo.
Does he?
- Oh!
- Yes!
Yes! Yes! Take that,
you lazy motherfucker!
Oh, hello.
- Felicia.
- All right...
You just caught us
getting some exercise.
Hello.
- Honey, game's not over.
- That was just a point?
What do you do when
you win a whole match,
sacrifice a calf?
- He doesn't...
- Cheers.
Actually mean it, all that
trash talking and such.
That's just his way.
Stacy, this is Becca's mum.
- Karen!
- Hi.
Oh, so nice to meet you.
Heard so much about you.
- Oh!
- Delighted.
- Thank you.
- You should stay for dinner.
Just you, not him.
Okay, give me that racket.
The dean has just requested
a heaping helping of
my backhand for dinner.
- Yes, of course, you must stay.
- Oh, well, you know,
That's really kind,
but we have plans.
We're meeting some friends, so...
Their friends, not mine.
Yes. But the point is
we're going as a family.
Tout ensemble...
so that's the point.
And I'd rather stay
here with this family.
Oh, isn't she sweet?
You know you're always
welcome here, Becca.
Yes. Always.
Your... your mom is
visiting from New York.
Your mom...
have you met your mom?
She's only gonna be
here for a little while.
You want to spend time with her, no?
No.
Once you drag me back to New York,
All I'm going to be doing is
spending time with my mother.
I certainly won't have any friends.
All right, Becca,
apologize to your mother.
It's fine. It's really fine.
You know what?
It seems like you have
An open invitation here,
so it's...
Of course!
It's no problem if you
want to stay for dinner.
And that way, you two can have
a lovely time with your friends.
Yes. Thank you, Felicia.
Karen couldn't make it.
Not feeling well.
Mm-Hmm.
Yes!
Oh, God!
- Oh, look at you.
- Look at you.
- I miss you.
- Is this for me?
What, my muumuu?
You look like America's next top smurf.
It's just the schmata I
wear around the house. What?
- In with you! -
Where's the Runkle-Ator?
- Well, he's stuck in...
- Runkle!
Traffic on his way over from the valley.
That man is dead to me,
by the way.
Do you see this?
This hideous VD-type
pustule on my face?
- Ooh!
- No, not really.
- That is disgusting.
- Yeah.
- Shut up.
- You see it, right?
- Oh, yeah, it's deep in there.
- Guess what?
He gave it to me. Thanks.
And he tried to rape me,
by the way.
But how are you?
I'm good. I... I... you
know, Becca, she's...
- Hello.
- I know.
Hello.
Make way for the victors.
- Victory.
- He got the part?
You got the part? Oh, my God!
Congratulations...
- Is that Rick Springfield?
- I believe it is, yeah.
And who are you, pretty lady?
Rick Springfield and
Andy Gibb on solid gold...
This means nothing to you?
I remember.
Everybody loved Rick Springfield, right?
She just didn't have
the poster over her bed.
You... I'm guessing you practiced
your she-bopping to that, huh?
You know what always
used to start my motor?
Mannix.
That tall Armenian
with a great head of hair... mmm.
Just thinking of him still
gets my juices flowing.
Teen fantasies are great, okay?
You know,
I've had some of my own.
Oh, yeah, what, you?
Duran Duran?
- Ha.
- Boy George?
Cheryl Tiegs,
thank you very much.
My point is,
you have to remember...
musicians, actors, models...
these are people with flaws and such.
I mean, there's no way
they could possibly live up
to the excitement, the mystery
that our tortured teen psyches
choose to project upon them.
- That... that's my point.
- Oh, my God.
I made a girl come seven times once.
Oh...
Over the course of an
entire relationship?
All in a row?
Sweet Jesus.
Who's ready for dessert?
I know I am.
Cheers to you,
Rick Springfield.
Hold on a second.
What are you doing moping in the fridge?
'80s pop legend Rick Springfield
is in there stealing your girl,
not Jessie's girl, your girl,
- Runkle's girl.
- I'm well aware of this fact.
So get in thereand make her jealous.
With what?
You gonna loan me Karen?
That's disgusting.
What's wrong with you?
- What's wrong with you?
- Fuck you.
Yello.
Shit, really?
Um... all right, w... w... we'll...
Yeah. We'll be right over.
- We got to go.
- What?
Little problem with the offspring.
Don't panic, no, no, no.
They just...
it seems Becca and Chelsea
staged a raid on the Dean's wine cellar.
Oh, my God. I knew that
Chelsea was trouble.
Oh... honey, I...
- Okay. Call me later.
- Very nice to meet you.
- I hope she's okay.
- Bye, Rick Springfield.
Bye, guys.
Mm. Do you want to, um...
go up to my room and
listen to some records?
- Only if they're mine.
- Church.
So, Runkle,
what are you serving for dessert?
I know what I want.
Tube steak. Yes, I know.
Listen, Sue, this is, uh...
a really difficult
time for me right now,
and besides, I should
probably let you know
I think I have V.D.
Oh, no worries.
Oh, just slap a bag on
it, and I'm good to go.
Welcome.
Glass of Cab?
Oh, fuck, I forget what
fucking year this is.
Stacy!
- She's drunk.
- No.
Look, she can't even
walk in a straight line.
Felicia, are you drunk?
Just a tiny bit.
Seems such a shame
to let all that perfectly
good wine go to waste.
They opened about $3,000 worth.
Which is the one you were saving
for our 20th anniversary?
Not that we're ever gonna
get there, at this point.
Oh, darling, I think you
should slow down a little bit.
Karen, may I get you a glass?
I've got an '82 Petrus,
an '86 Chateau Margaux,
and a '92 screaming eagle
Cab that'll blow your mind.
What can I get you?
This is not some
fucking social occasion!
I have come here to collect my daughter!
Okay, so where is she?
- Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
- Becca!
I understand your concern, but...
- Is profanity really warranted?
- Where the fuck is she?
- It's a big house.
They keep the kids
chained in the basement.
She's not as scary as she seems.
She has some anger-management issues.
- Thank you.
- Excellent.
A whole family of sociopaths.
Okay, in this case,
maybe she's right.
We should just get Becca and leave.
- Yes!
- Oh, whatever you like.
I... I don't see why we can't
all just sit down as adults
and talk this thing through.
What?
Your idea of shitty parenting?
Uh-Oh.
Oh, well, I don't think
that's our place to comment,
even though you're absolutely right.
Let's all just try to
keep cool heads, shall we?
The girls are just
testing our boundaries.
It's all perfectly normal
for their age range.
Normal for Chelsea, maybe.
Are you implying that this
is all Chelsea's fault?
Oh, no,
I'm not implying anything.
- I'm just saying it flat out.
- Oh, you've got a lot of nerve.
Oh, shit,
now you've angered the Dean.
- Becca! Becca!
- Hank, find her.
Fuck it, Stacy. She's right.
This is obviously Chelsea's fault.
Becca doesn't have the gumption
to get in any kind of serious trouble.
- She's a follower.
- Excuse me?
Oh, no, no, no. I
meant it in a nice way.
You know, teenagers suck.
They're all bloody awful,
Chelsea in particular.
I just hope she makes it to
17 without getting pregnant.
Honey!
That's not fair.
You're all such fucking hypocrites.
We are the way we are
because you made us this way.
Okay, sweetie,
come on. Let's go home.
- I don't want to go home.
- Hank!
I want you all to listen to me for once!
Sweetie, we're here.
All right? We're listening.
We're all ears.
What is it you want to say?
What is it... oh, boy.
Oh!
Yes, yes, yes, yes!
Oh, I fucking love this part!
Me too, me too,
me too! Ah ah ah ah ah!
Hi.
What took you so long, Runkle?
You know, they've been at
it for a while over there.
Sounds good too.
I almost started without you.
I'm just finishing up some dishes.
I thought I'd let a few things soak.
Runkle, are you...
were you crying?
Ah...
Maybe, a little.
Yes.
Oh, please!
Over that?
That's kids' stuff.
- Ignore it.
- Destroy me, Rick Springfield!
Listen to that, will you?
I don't know how to compete with that!
The only time I ever made
Marcy squeal like that
was when I put the ring on her finger!
Harry Winston?
Tiffany.
Oh, Runkle.
You are the saddest
sack I have ever seen!
To you, the glass is
always half empty, huh?
Never half full?
Right now my wife is half
full of Rick Springfield!
That's exactly what I mean.
Men.
I mean, you are the
biggest bunch of pussies
there ever was.
Yes, yes, yes!
- You're leaving?
- Yeah.
Well, I'm gonna let you
off the hook this time.
But before I go...
I'm gonna give you a little tip
on how to get your
hot little wifey back.
Sex is supposed to be about joy, Runkle,
pure joy.
And if you've forgotten
what that sounds like...
Ah!
Oh!
Oh! Don't stop!
Runkle, no! Don't...
Stop!
Oh, God!
You are good!
Oh, oh, oh!
Ah! That is perfect!
Ah!
Oh, that's... oh... oh...
That is perfect!
Ahh!
Collini... out.
Come on, take this.
Now, you may wake up in
the middle of the night...
possibly craving an egg mcmuffin.
The important thing is not to
get off the ride at that point,
but to remain in your seat
with your seatbelt securely fastened.
Okay, sweetie?
Good night, sweetie.
I promise, everything
will be better tomorrow.
Except for your head.
That'll feel much worse.
Stay.
What's up, sweetie?
We don't have to do
what she says, you know.
- What who says?
- Her.
The enemy.
Your mom is not the enemy.
She loves you. She wants
what's best for you.
Mom doesn't understand.
She never will.
This is it, okay?
I'm not just gonna wake up
one day and be like her...
six feet tall and beautiful.
You already are beautiful.
Chelsea's the only friend I've ever had,
the only one who accepts
me for who I really am.
- That is not true.
- It is.
Do you know what it's like
to have no one and nothing,
how totally awful that feels?
Yes, I think I do. I...
once upon a time,
I felt like that.
Now I have you.
Yet, somehow...
I still have nothing.
Good night.
Thanks.
So...
I guess you're on her side,
like you guys are this team right now.
We're a team, all right.
Just not a very good one,
not without our captain.
You know, you're right.
L.A. is no place to raise a daughter
or a dad.
We need your guidance.
We need you, mommy dearest...
Really...
Even though sometimes we
may take you for granted
and throw embarrassing
hissy fits and get drunk
and generally act like we don't
give a shit about anything.
So you're just both
adolescent girls at heart, right?
Yes, we are, the both of us.
I like you like this.
What, all defeated and shit?
Yes.
You're like... you're
like putty in my hands.
- Oh, yeah?
- Really.
- Do with me what you will.
- Mm.
- Anything?
- Yeah, anything at all.
Mm. Hank?
Wha...
You know what I said
about Bill this morning?
Yes.
Got ya.
You fucker.
Sync by honeybunny -
corrected by chamallow35 www.Addic7ed.Com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org